Challenge 1:

To implement this challenge, I have used the Play Framework which is a 
lightweight, stateless, web-friendly framework. The main reasons for choosing Play were:
	- It is stateless -  There is no need to maintain complex session objects in between requests.
	  Play uses a simple session cookie for passing information.
	- It is Reactive - Play supports non-blocking I/O. It takes full advantage of Java 8 APIs for this. 
	  Because Play is non-blocking, threads are not blocked when the network is slow, but are free to serve another HTTP request–and because Play is stateless, there is no session information tied to the thread that would confuse it. This is great for scalability and maintainability
	- It is also easy to use as it supports hot-deploy.


Challenge 2:
The basic Hello World functionality is implemented as the first request in the application. 
It is a welcome screen asking the user to signup or login for existing users.

Challenge 3:
For the external API, I decided to use the Google Places API (Google Place Search). 
Using this, a user enters the name of a city that he is interested in and gets 
back a list of some of the top rated restaurants in that city. (Note: I only 
display the restaurant name and its rating but all of its other information 
is available in the application. To add them to the app, we only need to access their getters.)

Challenge 4:
I have implemented the login and logout functionality. 
When a user first signs up, his email and password is stored
 in a session cookie. I have also implemented the reset password 
 functionality. Here, we only need to change the value in the session cookie.

How to use the application
This project uses
- Java 8
- Play 2.5.2
Make sure you have support for these before running the app.

There are 2 ways to run the app.

First Way
1) Go to the directory where the app is stored
1) Run "activator clean compile"
2) Run "activator run"
3) Go to localhost:9000

Second Method
To run it as a standalone application,
1) There is a zip file called googleapi-1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip with the commit.
  It contains all JAR files needed to run the application.
	
2) Unzip the archive. If you are running it on Linux, the file does
	 not retain Unix file permissions so when the file is expanded 
	 the start script will be required to be set as an executable. Just type
	 chmod +x /path/to/bin/<project-name>
 	ie, chmod +x /path/to/bin/googleapi

	 
3) Execute it as:
	 cd path/to/bin/
	 ./googleapi -Dplay.http.secret.key=abcdefghijk